Add support for encrypting data at rest on server side (#338)
liftbridge-io/liftbridge: documentation/concepts.md

This behavior may be enabled by [*configuration*](./configuration.md)

This may be used in tandem with API `FetchPartitionMetadata` to retrieve partition's metadata.

> ## Encryption of data on server side on server side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Server-Side Encryption
```

> Streams support the encryption of messages' values on server side for extra security/data governance concern.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Streams support the encryption of messages' values on the server side for extra security and data governance concerns.
```

This behavior may be enabled by [*configuration*](./configuration.md).

> For each message, a random AES Key is generated and the message is encrypted using that AES key (called `Data Key`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each message, a random AES key is generated and the message is encrypted using that key (called the `Data Key`).
```

> For each message, a random AES key is generated and the message is encrypted using that key (called the `Data Key`).

Reviewer: Is this accurate? My understanding is currently a single data encryption key is generated on partition initialization.

IMO we should encrypt every X messages with the same DEK before changing it. Not totally sure what an appropriate value for X would be.

The generated key is then wrapped using advanced key wrapping algorithm proposed in [RFC5649](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5649.txt).

> The cypher message, along with the wrapped DKS key is stored together in commitlog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The encrypted message is stored alongside the wrapped DKS key in the commit log.
```
